Jeff/ai training minor updates (#664)
harvard-edge/cs249r_book: contents/core/training/training.qmd

$$ \text{Memory}_{\text{Momentum}} = 2 \times \text{Size}_{\text{params}} $$
$$ \text{Memory}_{\text{Adam}} = 3 \times \text{Size}_{\text{params}} $$

> These memory costs must be balanced against convergence benefits. While Adam often requires fewer iterations to reach convergence, its per-iteration memory and computation overhead may impact training speed on memory-constrained systems. 

Author: ```suggestion
These memory costs must be balanced against convergence benefits. While Adam often requires fewer iterations to reach convergence, its per-iteration memory and computation overhead may impact training speed on memory-constrained systems.
```

* Gradient Descent: $100,000 \times 4 \, \text{bytes} = 400,000 \, \text{bytes} = 0.4 \, \text{MB}$
* Adam: $3 \times 100,000 \times 4 \, \text{bytes} = 1,200,000 \, \text{bytes} = 1.2 \, \text{MB}$

> For more intuition, this problem becomes especially apparent for billion parameter models, as model sizes (without countin optimizer states and radients) alone can already take up significant portions of GPU memory. As one way of solving this problem, the authors of GaLoRE tackle this by compressing optimizer state and gradients and operating in this compressed space[@zhao2024galorememoryefficientllmtraining], greatly reducing memory footprint as seen below in figure @fig-galore-llm-memory-breakdown.

Author: ```suggestion
This problem becomes especially apparent for billion parameter models, as model sizes (without counting optimizer states and gradients) alone can already take up significant portions of GPU memory. As one way of solving this problem, the authors of GaLoRE tackle this by compressing optimizer state and gradients and computing updates in this compressed space [@zhao2024galorememoryefficientllmtraining], greatly reducing memory footprint as shown below in Figure @fig-galore-llm-memory-breakdown.
```
